docs/prompts/microsim-generation.md, before:

# MicroSim Generation Prompts

## Done
01-intro-to-computer-science
02-python-fundamentals
03-boolean-logic
04-control-flow
05-working-with-strings

Run the /microsim-generator skill on all the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/06-functions-and-modular-design/index.md

# In Progress

Run the /microsim-generator skill on all the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/07-higher-order-functions-and-recursion/index.md

Run the /microsim-generator skill on all the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/08-lists/index.md
                                                                       
                                                  
## TODO

Run the /microsim-generator skill sequentially on all the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/11-dictionaries/index.md

 parallel on all the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/12-classes-and-objects/index.md



09-advanced-list-operations
10-tuples-and-sets
11-dictionaries
12-classes-and-objects
13-inheritance-and-polymorphism

Run the /microsim-generator skill sequentially on the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/13-inheritance-and-polymorphism/index.md - DO NOT RUN IN PARALLEL!

Run the /microsim-generator skill sequentially on the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/14-errors-and-exceptions/index.md - DO NOT RUN IN PARALLEL!

Run the /microsim-generator skill sequentially on the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/15-file-input-and-output/index.md - DO NOT RUN IN PARALLEL!


Run the /microsim-generator skill sequentially on the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/16-software-engineering/index.md - DO NOT RUN IN PARALLEL!


Run the /microsim-generator skill sequentially on the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/17-testing-and-debugging/index.md - DO NOT RUN IN PARALLEL!

18-searching-and-sorting
19-algorithm-analysis
20-advanced-python

Commit message:

added microsims for chapters 18, 19 and 20 using codex

docs/prompts/microsim-generation.md, after:

# MicroSim Generation Prompts

## Done
01-intro-to-computer-science
02-python-fundamentals
03-boolean-logic
04-control-flow
05-working-with-strings

Run the /microsim-generator skill on all the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/06-functions-and-modular-design/index.md

# In Progress

Run the /microsim-generator skill on all the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/07-higher-order-functions-and-recursion/index.md

Run the /microsim-generator skill on all the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/08-lists/index.md
                                                                       
                                                  
## TODO

Run the /microsim-generator skill sequentially on all the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/11-dictionaries/index.md

 parallel on all the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/12-classes-and-objects/index.md



09-advanced-list-operations
10-tuples-and-sets
11-dictionaries
12-classes-and-objects
13-inheritance-and-polymorphism

Run the /microsim-generator skill sequentially on the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/13-inheritance-and-polymorphism/index.md - DO NOT RUN IN PARALLEL!

Run the /microsim-generator skill sequentially on the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/14-errors-and-exceptions/index.md - DO NOT RUN IN PARALLEL!

Run the /microsim-generator skill sequentially on the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/15-file-input-and-output/index.md - DO NOT RUN IN PARALLEL!


Run the /microsim-generator skill sequentially on the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/16-software-engineering/index.md - DO NOT RUN IN PARALLEL!


Run the /microsim-generator skill sequentially on the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/17-testing-and-debugging/index.md - DO NOT RUN IN PARALLEL!

Run the /microsim-generator skill on the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/18-searching-and-sorting/index.md

Run the /microsim-generator skill on the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/19-algorithm-analysis/index.md

Run the /microsim-generator skill on the #### Diagram elements in @docs/chapters/20-advanced-python/index.md
